Add Katib metric strategies info (#2316)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/katib/experiment.md

  how the hyperparameters work with the model.
  Katib records the value of the best `objectiveMetricName` metric (maximized
  or minimized based on `type`) and the corresponding hyperparameter set

>   in experiment's `.status.currentOptimalTrial.parameterAssignments`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in the experiment's `.status.currentOptimalTrial.parameterAssignments`.
```

  If the `objectiveMetricName` metric for a set of hyperparameters reaches the `goal`,
  Katib stops trying more hyperparameter combinations.

  You can run the experiment without specifying the `goal`. In that case, Katib
  runs the experiment until the corresponding successful trials reach `maxTrialCount`.
  `maxTrialCount` parameter is described below.

  The default way to calculate the experiment's objective is:

  - When the objective `type` is `maximize`, Katib compares all maximum
    metric values.

  - When the objective `type` is `minimize`, Katib compares all minimum
    metric values.

>   You are able to change the default mechanism. For that, define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To change the default settings, define
```

  `metricStrategies` with various rules (`min`, `max` or `latest`) to extract
  values for each metric from the experiment's `objectiveMetricName` and
  `additionalMetricNames`. The experiment's objective value is calculated in
  accordance with the selected strategy.

>   For example, if you set the below parameters in your experiment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, you can set the parameters in your experiment as follows:
```

  ```yaml
  . . .
  objectiveMetricName: accuracy
  type: maximize
  metricStrategies:
    - name: accuracy
      value: latest
  . . .
  ```

>   Katib controller is searching for the best maximum from the all latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where the Katib controller is searching for the best maximum from the all latest
```
